gh-129069: make list ass_slice and memory_repeat safe in free-threading (#131882)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-03-29-20-12-28.gh-issue-129069.QwbbWV.rst

> Fix data race and avoid jagged writes in ``list.list_ass_slice``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix data race when assigning list slices concurrently.
```

> Fix data race and make sure no jagged writes in ``list.list_ass_slice``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix data race and avoid jagged writes in ``list_ass_slice``.
```
